models, sundog, prairiedog: add kernel boot config support (#2029)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: sources/api/prairiedog/README.md

Current version: 0.1.0

  prairiedog is a tool for providing kernel boot related support in Bottlerocket.

It can do the following:
  - _digs_ to find the active boot partition and mounts it in /boot
  - loads the crash kernel from /boot
  - creates memory dumps when the kernel panics
  - generates kernel boot config from settings

>   - generate settings from the existing kernel boot config file

Reviewer: couple nits:
```suggestion
It does the following:
  - _digs_ to find the active boot partition and mounts it in /boot
  - loads the crash kernel from /boot
  - creates memory dumps when the kernel panics
  - generates kernel boot config from settings
  - generates settings from the existing kernel boot config file
```
